welcome everyone on my channel with you
chips and what we have today is it today
we have the top 10 most interesting morshin
the game without age that I would like to note
This game is made in the style of a la Oleg
yes vinci
that's what actually pleases me love
very same game
what else would you like to mention this game
on neebically quickly gaining
popularity therefore would not want
miss the chance to say so
self-praise so enjoy
download so it will be our description
ten opens the machine called
chaos is what literally translates as
sweeper
look at her propeller or something
call look like such a meat grinder
let's see how it is set up
quite simple but actually went and
test her
front wheel like or somehow
to call well what went further ninth
place 9 place we keep the car
called mega tank on both sides
in the middle we have flamethrowers
quite a lot of wheels and in the middle the most
most importantly this gun see how it is
it works here first
detail then open this one and then
bullet really did not work because I
not with a raised highway
raise the highway we start that's all
gray flamethrowers flamethrowers okay go
further eighth in eighth place y
us a machine called hot wheels what
translated as hot wheels
no damage to enemies inflict
maybe it's not just fun
go still have this car small
minus here but such hillocks when she
climbs on can easily lose
wheels and unfortunately you are no longer
ride you see the wheels already
lost our propeller profile
burn quickly and go to the next
car on the 7th place we have a car under
All terrain name I do not know how it is
translated angle translator did not help me
but he called it a tank diesel engine
look see how it starts
it just starts like a diesel wines on
rear wheels she is so childish it
my very favorite car I do not understand
why is she in seventh place
killing power in her right as
present flamethrower suspension work
good enough true and mind you
noticed some bugs in this car that
if you start very sharply back
can simply break off go
farther
sixth place and sixth place among us
flame thrower bot which translates as
robot flamethrower unfortunately full full
instructions for use and this
I did not find the car
but that less can control the hand but
and flamethrower too
drove on fifth place in fifth
place we have settled pretty
interesting and entertaining and wrinkles under
the name of the katin edge of the literal translation
I never found out, but she found out
translates as either slicing edges or
advanced go
so they conclude that this
the car only gets in three out of ten
cases
there will be many more factors that
depend on where it goes
for example good luck and luck go further
fourth place machine called
compressor just a killing machine but
unfortunately show in action i her to you
I can not as soon as I have her
launching from me immediately goes wild
drawdown FPS and sometimes it crumbles
crumble the game so see for yourself
yourself on the computers go further
in second place we have a car under
name alternative but this machine
added exclusively in new
direction as no damage is
also does not bring the enemy we will see it in
action
we just turn the gun
rotate our holders and run
that's just actually from strength
opposing guns gun flies away
go there to fly here look again
lower the holders raise the gun
we start it this way
the essence of the car went on so the first
the place is just a killer catapult i
killing machine don't know how else
call in general look at it
just look at the creation
when this yalda goes down she pulls
in parallel
sells a shell round the chain
and it lands about somewhere in this
radius look to use this
guns only need
only one button is needed and this is up to
to reinforce the projectile from fasteners
so guys reference on so it will be in
description if you liked this video
I put the Huskies will be very pleased
put leave your comments
subscribe to my channel
download coarse sage and and bye-bye to
see you soon